# Data_analysis_project_Using_Python
# EDA Project on Hotel Booking Analysis
This project refer to hotel reservations and includes a variety of city hotels and resort hotels. There are 119390 rows and a total of 32 column in the dataset.Data collection, data cleansing and manipulation, and EDA (Exploratory data analysis) are the three categories into which the workflow for data manipulation is divided. The names of some of the columns, including hotel, is_cancelled, lead_time , arrival_date_year, arrival_date_month, arrival_date_week_number, arrival_date_day_of_month, and stays_in_weekend_nights have been updated as the data collection process has progressed. This is done by coading head(), tail(), info(), describe(),columns() and other methods used for data collection. As we proceed we identify the distinct value for each column, create a list in tabular format, and also verify the dataset type for each column. Identify some columns with inaccurate data types and fix them afterward. As we discover duplicate items, which we later discard from the dataset , duplicate data items must also be removed during data cleansing phase.

We must first perform data manipulation before visualizing any data from data source. To do that, we examined each column's null value. After checking, drop the columns using the 'drop' method if we find one that has a greater percentage of null values. We are so removed from the 'company' column. When there are only a few null values, we fill those null values with the necessary values using the formula.fill().
